//Dylan Elznic  //Section 1A

//Question 1.
  1. Assign each student in the contact list a number, starting with 1 and
     ending with 63.
  2. The teacher will call student 1 and tell them to call students 2-7.
  3. After a student has been called, they will immediately begin calling
     the next group of students. The assigned groups would decrease with
     number and time, eg. Student 2 calls students 
     8, 9, 10, 11, 12 (5 students), while student 3 will call students, 
     13, 14, 15, 16 (4 students).
  4. This calling tree will continue to branch out, with the
     following tiers of students calling the next.
  5. While student 1 calls students 2-7 in step 2, the teacher will be
     calling another 6 students. These students will repeat steps 3-4.
  6. Continue to grow the tree until all 63 students have been called within
     the 15 minute constraint.

//Question 2.
  1. Assume that the destination is west of your current location.
  2. Determine whether the street you are on flows toward the east or the
     west. 
       If it points to the east, proceed to step 3.
       If it points to the west, proceed to step 6.
  3. Drive until you reach the nearest intersection and determine whether
     the cross road flows north or south.
       If it points north, proceed to step 4.
       If it points south, proceed to step 5.
  4. Turn left at the intersection. Continue to drive, taking a left at the
     next two intersections.Drive straight, skipping the next intersection.  
     Then, continue to drive and take a right at the
     following three intersections. After the third right, continue down 
     the road until you reach your destination.
  5. Turn right at the intersection. Continue to drive, taking a right at
     the next two intersections. Skip the next intersection, taking a left
     at the intersection after. Continue to drive, taking two more lefts
     at the following intersections. Continue down the road until you reach
     your destination.
  6. Drive until you reach the nearest intersection and determine whether
     the cross road flows north or south.
       If it points to the north, proceed to step 7.
       If it points to the south, proceed to step 8.
  7. Turn right at the intersection. Turn left at the following two
     intersections. Skip the next intersection, then take a left at the 
     following three interesections. Continue down the road until you 
     reach the destination.
  8. Turn left at the intersection, then skip the following intersection.
     Take a right at the following three intersections. Continue down the
     road until you reach your destination.

//Question 3.
  1. Place tentacle againt the left wall of the maze.
  2. Swim forward, continuing to feel for the left wall. 
  3a. If the left wall is missing at the current square, turn left and
     proceed forward one square, replacing the tentacle on the left wall.
  3b. If Roger is blocked in front by a wall, turn in 90 degree increments
     until there is no obstruction and continue one square forward.
  4. Repeat step 2, using steps 3a and 3b when said instances occur, until
     Roger reaches his doctor.
